Welcome to Udacity's Redux course.
The goal of this course is to help you learn how to more
effectively manage state in your applications.
As a byproduct of that,
you'll have to learn Redux along the way.
Now, you may find this course a little slow. That's on purpose.
The reason we're going to take it slow is because
historically Redux is pretty difficult to learn.
The problem isn't necessarily Redux itself,
but everything else that you typically pair with Redux.
What happens is traditionally when you learn Redux,
you also learn alongside React,
React-Router, React-Redux bindings, and a few other helper libraries.
This causes all sorts of issues because
your brain has a hard time separating what's what.
To fix this, we're going to take a slow gradual approach.
We'll start off by looking at just Redux, nothing else.
Once you've mastered Redux itself,
we'll add in some basic UI with just HTML and JavaScript.
Then, when you're feeling comfortable with hooking up Redux to a simple UI,
we'll swap out that UI for React,
and you'll learn how the two work together.
We'll then look at some common pain points when combining React and Redux,
and we'll learn how the React-Redux bindings help solve these pain points.
Finally, we'll use Create React App to see how a real-world React and Redux app is built.
Now, we're covering quite a lot,
but remember we're going to take it slow and go step-by-step.
With that said, let's get started.